I have a makeshift pipelined MIPS CPU in Verilog/Vivado and want to implement a painter program on a 128×64 display using memory-mapped inputs.

Inputs (buttons)





Up



Down



Left



Right



Draw (pen down: moving draws pixels)



Erase (held while moving erases pixels)



Reset (clears canvas and returns pointer to center)

Pointer behavior





Pointer is 1x1 pixel.



X and Y coordinates stored in separate registers.



Display:





X: 128 positions (0–127)



Y: 64 positions (0–63)



On reset, pointer goes to the center-most valid pixel, choosing the top-right pixel among the 4 central pixels.

Functionality





Move pointer with directional inputs.



If Draw is active, movement leaves a trail.



If Draw is inactive, pointer moves without drawing.



If Erase is active, movement erases existing pixels.



Reset clears the entire canvas and re-centers the pointer.

should be easy, since you already know the things my design is capable of.

thing is, for now, DO NOT implement a slowing down mechanism.

so for every scan cycle the memory mapped input is seen on, the pointer moves.

assume the memory mapped input is in a special mapped to instr memory and those locations are exposed via input pins to the instrction memoy, and those inputs: are also the parent module's inputs, so i can directly mess with parent modules inputs and use them as joysticks., i want you to make changes in the memory and the parent module,
to accomodate these changes.

now,coming to the testing of the program : always remember:
3 nops before JR and branch instructions, coz hazard handling not done very well...

the coordinates of the puck, 64*128  display, the 128 is horizontal, the bottom 
left corner is 0,0 top is 63,127
testbench:

reset. xhould initialize on centre,
move cursor to right via pushing the right button, make it go to the extreme right, and 
dont take finger off of the right button even after it reaches,
want to test a boundary condition.
then extreme left 
then back to centre.

reset

extreme up
extreme down

reset

x and y coordinates to be displayed on reg 1 and 2, we are only testing cursor, so don't bother baout the frame
buffer.

note that the reset for the game and the reset for the entire design are different. distinguish between them.

give me a full cahngelog, if new omodules creted, or existing moduels changed, give full code idk.
and the registers 1 and 2, use uut. technique i don't wanna manually add them.i jsut wanna see the inputs clock,
reset, game reset, up, down, left, right, reg2, reg1.

only inclide others if you have to.




assuem that the mem mapped inputs arebeing given by a super fast being capable of sewtiching keys in the scale of megaherts, able to catch up with clock cycles (in real life, ill ahve to make a workaround somehow, but for now, testbench hsould be able to press and unpress  whenver you want.)

also, the exact coordinates valeis should be given on the registers as it is, like left corner is 0,0 top is 63,127



give me this code in a fashion similar to the TB2, okay? lliek the lad instrufction and all..

make no msitakes, work on hte 1st try